The teaching is based on the moment, moment of experience or realization.
And here again, the problem is, I think, 40 years now.
So the nature of the mind is awareness, emptiness, emptiness and awareness.
That is the mind. That is the mind's nature, mind's identity, mind's culture.
Here I am going into it, and this is the old inner.
This is the old inner. That is the next simple way to know.
It is, that is what mind is, emptiness and awareness.
There is already an expression of this mind as so many varieties, so many combs.
There is not really the directions of the mind coming, but each of those is the same color.
Awareness, emptiness, is authentic in view.
And the awareness and the mind are one's nature.
There is no difference. It is one single state of display or single state.
It is one single state of display or single state of display or single state of display or single
state of display.
These are the things I think they are all in one single state, or same.
That means it is not just one, one, like kind of like one, but it is just the same nature state.
Same nature state.
No, you do three times, you do better, you do two times.
And then relax again in that nature state.
When you relax in that nature state, there is nothing too close to meditation or effort meditation.
Therefore, it is called normal meditation state.
Here you can read it. That is dharmakaya state.
Can I hear all minus and then release, experience the realization of the natural and the result of
this, again, continually, six out of five.